Terms to know audit (#8869)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/getting_started/terms_to_know.md

  - name: Deep Linking
    description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/deep_linking_to_in-app_content/">Deep links</a> are used to direct customers to their next action or engagement. Using deep links, you can connect a message with a targeted piece of content within a website or mobile app.
  - name: Dormant Users
    description: A user is considered <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_archival/#dormant-users">dormant</a> when there has been no activity in the last twelve months.
  - name: Endpoint
    description: An end of a communication channel also known as an API <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/api/endpoints/">endpoint</a> is used within the Braze messaging API for sending and scheduling messages.
  - name: Exception Events

>     description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/exception_events/#canvas-exception-events/">Exception events</a> occur when a user has reached the desired goal and do not receive a triggered message. This ensures that the triggered message is still relevant to the user.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/create_a_canvas/exception_events/#canvas-exception-events/">Exception events</a> occur when a user has reached the desired goal and do not receive a triggered message. This way, the triggered message is still relevant to the user.
```

  - name: Frequency Capping

>     description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/rate-limiting/#frequency-capping">Frequency capping</a> allows you to manage communication without overwhelming your audience. It's an automated limit on messages to ensure users don't receive too many communications in a short period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/rate-limiting/#frequency-capping">Frequency capping</a> allows you to manage communication without overwhelming your audience. It's an automated limit on messages to prevent users from receiving too many communications in a short period of time.
```

  - name: HIPAA
    description: HIPAA is an acronym for Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. Braze is <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/disclosures/security_qualifications/#hipaa">HIPAA compliant</a>. HIPAA requirements involve administrative, physical, and technical security.
  - name: In-App Messages
    description: <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/">In-app messages</a> are mobile messages that appear within your application. They help you get content to your user without interrupting their day with a push notification. Customized and tailored in-app messages enhance the user experience and help your audience get the most value out of your app.
  - name: Inactive Users

>     description: A user is considered <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_archival/#inactive-users">inactive</a> when they reach certain criteria like no longer receiving email or push messages and have not been active for over 6 months.

Author: ```suggestion
    description: A user is considered <a href="https://www.braze.com/docs/user_archival/#inactive-users">inactive</a> when they reach certain criteria like no longer receiving email or push messages and have not been active for over six months.
```
